.TH "client/avahi_dns_handler.c" 3 "13 May 2010" "Version 1.0" "RFIDentify Client" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
client/avahi_dns_handler.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'client.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <ftdi.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <avahi-client/client.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <avahi-common/simple-watch.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <errno.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <avahi-client/lookup.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <avahi-common/malloc.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <avahi-common/error.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBresolve_callback\fP (AvahiServiceResolver *r, AvahiIfIndex interface, AvahiProtocol protocol, AvahiResolverEvent event, const char *name, const char *type, const char *domain, const char *host_name, const AvahiAddress *address, uint16_t port, AvahiStringList *txt, AvahiLookupResultFlags flags, void *userdata)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBbrowse_callback\fP (AvahiServiceBrowser *b, AvahiIfIndex interface, AvahiProtocol protocol, AvahiBrowserEvent event, const char *name, const char *type, const char *domain, AvahiLookupResultFlags flags, void *userdata)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclient_callback\fP (AvahiClient *c, AvahiClientState state, void *userdata)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBavahi_function\fP (void *args)"
.br
.RI "\fImDNS handling loop which looks for RFIDentify servers. Look for \fBavahi_dns_handler.c\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The Avahi mDNS service discovery system is initialized and listens for RFID servers. Upon recieving an updated, the server configuration information is similarly updated.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Willi Ballenthin 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
Spring, 2010
.RE
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
Multiple RFID servers are not handled correctly. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBavahi_dns_handler.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void* avahi_function (void * args)"
.PP
mDNS handling loop which looks for RFIDentify servers. Look for \fBavahi_dns_handler.c\fP PThread. Initializes an mDNS Avahi service, and listens for relevant services. Updates the server info configuration as necessary. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIargs\fP struct \fBclient_config\fP, Relevant configuration settings. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Should not return, if so, error. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 225 of file avahi_dns_handler.c.
.SS "void browse_callback (AvahiServiceBrowser * b, AvahiIfIndex interface, AvahiProtocol protocol, AvahiBrowserEvent event, const char * name, const char * type, const char * domain, AvahiLookupResultFlags flags, void * userdata)"Called whenever a new services becomes available on the LAN or is removed from the LAN. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
simple_poll_reader.c in libavahi API 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIuserdata\fP An \fBavahi_callback_params\fP pointer containing relevant data. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
this is a hack, rather than coming up with a good loop
.PP
we just assume this can only match one. not ideal.  we only compare against the name, with no consideration of domain, which is bad. should come up with a hash. 
.PP
Definition at line 118 of file avahi_dns_handler.c.
.SS "void client_callback (AvahiClient * c, AvahiClientState state, void * userdata)"Called whenever the client or server state changes. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIc\fP The current client. 
.br
\fIstate\fP The current state. 
.br
\fIuserdata\fP Relevant data, including configuration settings. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 203 of file avahi_dns_handler.c.
.SS "void resolve_callback (AvahiServiceResolver * r, AvahiIfIndex interface, AvahiProtocol protocol, AvahiResolverEvent event, const char * name, const char * type, const char * domain, const char * host_name, const AvahiAddress * address, uint16_t port, AvahiStringList * txt, AvahiLookupResultFlags flags, void * userdata)"Called whenever a service has been resolved successfully or timed out. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
simple_poll_reader.c in libavahi API 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIuserdata\fP An \fBavahi_callback_params\fP pointer containing relevant data. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 37 of file avahi_dns_handler.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RFIDentify Client from the source code.
