.TH "client/client.c" 3 "13 May 2010" "Version 1.0" "RFIDentify Client" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
client/client.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'client.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'config.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'list.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <ctype.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <errno.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <avahi-client/client.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <avahi-client/lookup.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBread_config\fP (struct \fBclient_config\fP *\fBclient_config\fP, const char *filename)"
.br
.RI "\fIConfigures a client given a configuration file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlist\fP * \fBread_config_servers\fP (struct \fBclient_config\fP *\fBclient_config\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fIConfigures static servers from a configuration file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP (int argc, char **argv)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This application reads RFID tags and queries a server with the tag ID. The server is discovered using Avahi/mDNS.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Willi Ballenthin 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
Spring, 2010 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBclient.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int read_config (struct \fBclient_config\fP * client_config, const char * filename)"
.PP
Configures a client given a configuration file. Configures a client given a configuration file. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBclient_config\fP\fP The destination configuration. 
.br
\fIfilename\fP The file from which to read the config. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 on success. non-zero otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 35 of file client.c.
.SS "\fBlist\fP* read_config_servers (struct \fBclient_config\fP * client_config)"
.PP
Configures static servers from a configuration file. Configures static servers from a configuration file. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBclient_config\fP\fP The config, including filename, from which to determine the servers. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A list of servers, or NULL on failure. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 79 of file client.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RFIDentify Client from the source code.
