.TH "client/client.h" 3 "13 May 2010" "Version 1.0" "RFIDentify Client" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
client/client.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'reader.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <avahi-client/client.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <avahi-common/simple-watch.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <pthread.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBrfid_server_info\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDefines a relevant configuration of an RFID server. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBclient_config\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDefines a client configuration context. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBavahi_callback_params\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAggregation of various parameters to Avahi callbacks. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBreader_function\fP (void *args)"
.br
.RI "\fIRFID reading loop which polls for identifications. Look for \fBrfid_reader_handler.c\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBavahi_function\fP (void *args)"
.br
.RI "\fImDNS handling loop which looks for RFIDentify servers. Look for \fBavahi_dns_handler.c\fP \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBread_config\fP (struct \fBclient_config\fP *\fBclient_config\fP, const char *filename)"
.br
.RI "\fIConfigures a client given a configuration file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlist\fP * \fBread_config_servers\fP (struct \fBclient_config\fP *\fBclient_config\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fIConfigures static servers from a configuration file. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This application reads RFID tags and queries a server with the tag ID. The server is discovered using Avahi/mDNS.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Willi Ballenthin 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
Spring, 2010 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBclient.h\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void* avahi_function (void * args)"
.PP
mDNS handling loop which looks for RFIDentify servers. Look for \fBavahi_dns_handler.c\fP PThread. Initializes an mDNS Avahi service, and listens for relevant services. Updates the server info configuration as necessary. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIargs\fP struct \fBclient_config\fP, Relevant configuration settings. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Should not return, if so, error. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 225 of file avahi_dns_handler.c.
.SS "int read_config (struct \fBclient_config\fP * client_config, const char * filename)"
.PP
Configures a client given a configuration file. Configures a client given a configuration file. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBclient_config\fP\fP The destination configuration. 
.br
\fIfilename\fP The file from which to read the config. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 on success. non-zero otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 35 of file client.c.
.SS "\fBlist\fP* read_config_servers (struct \fBclient_config\fP * client_config)"
.PP
Configures static servers from a configuration file. Configures static servers from a configuration file. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBclient_config\fP\fP The config, including filename, from which to determine the servers. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A list of servers, or NULL on failure. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 79 of file client.c.
.SS "void* reader_function (void * args)"
.PP
RFID reading loop which polls for identifications. Look for \fBrfid_reader_handler.c\fP. PThread. Initializes an RFID device, if it exists, and begins a tag reading loop. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBSLEEP_BTWN_SEARCH\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIargs\fP struct \fBclient_config\fP - The current configuration of the client. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Should not return, if so, error.  abstract RFID differences from this implementation 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 164 of file rfid_reader_handler.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RFIDentify Client from the source code.
