.TH "client/config.h" 3 "13 May 2010" "Version 1.0" "RFIDentify Client" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
client/config.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'list.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBconfig_get\fP (const char *filename, const char *key)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet a value from a configuration file identified by a filename. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlist\fP * \fBconfig_get_all\fP (const char *filename, const char *key)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets all relevant values from a configuration file identifed by a filename. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A config file looks something like this:
.PP
a LINE is less than 1023 characters
.PP
.PP
.nf
 STRING        --> any stream of characters, including nil
 COMMENT       --> # STRING
 KEY           --> WORD
 VALUE         --> STRING
 DEFINITION    --> KEY=VALUE
 LINE          --> ( COMMENT | DEFINITON | nil )\n
 CONFIGURATION --> LINE*



 ACTION --> ( '/dev/kiosk?idTag=' | '/dev/gumstix?idTag=' )
 SERVER --> URL:PORT
 MODE   --> ( 'client' | 'kiosk' )
.fi
.PP
.PP
There should only be one ACTION. There should only be one MODE. There may be multiple SERVERs specified. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBconfig.h\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* config_get (const char * filename, const char * key)"
.PP
Get a value from a configuration file identified by a filename. Given a file, and key, return the first matching config value. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilename\fP The config file. 
.br
\fIkey\fP The key of which the value to find. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A newly allocated string, or NULL on failure. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 50 of file config.c.
.SS "\fBlist\fP* config_get_all (const char * filename, const char * key)"
.PP
Gets all relevant values from a configuration file identifed by a filename. Given a filename and key, return all matching config values. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilename\fP The filename of the configuration file. 
.br
\fIkey\fP The key to which to match configuration definitions. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A newly allocated list of newly allocated values, or NULL on failure. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 78 of file config.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RFIDentify Client from the source code.
