.TH "client/config.c" 3 "13 May 2010" "Version 1.0" "RFIDentify Client" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
client/config.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'config.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDEBUG\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIWhether to print out debug messages to STDOUT. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBWARN\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIWhether to print out warning messages to STDOUT. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwarn\fP (const char *warning)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdebug\fP (const char *debug)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBconfig_get\fP (const char *filename, const char *key)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet a value from a configuration file identified by a filename. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlist\fP * \fBconfig_get_all\fP (const char *filename, const char *key)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets all relevant values from a configuration file identifed by a filename. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Willi Ballenthin 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
Spring, 2010 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBconfig.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* config_get (const char * filename, const char * key)"
.PP
Get a value from a configuration file identified by a filename. Given a file, and key, return the first matching config value. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilename\fP The config file. 
.br
\fIkey\fP The key of which the value to find. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A newly allocated string, or NULL on failure. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 50 of file config.c.
.SS "\fBlist\fP* config_get_all (const char * filename, const char * key)"
.PP
Gets all relevant values from a configuration file identifed by a filename. Given a filename and key, return all matching config values. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilename\fP The filename of the configuration file. 
.br
\fIkey\fP The key to which to match configuration definitions. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A newly allocated list of newly allocated values, or NULL on failure. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 78 of file config.c.
.SS "void debug (const char * debug)"Prints the given debug message to STDOUT if defined. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdebug\fP The message to print. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 37 of file config.c.
.SS "void warn (const char * warning)"Prints the given warning message to STDOUT if defined. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIwarning\fP The message to print. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 25 of file config.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RFIDentify Client from the source code.
