.TH "client/rfid_reader_handler.c" 3 "13 May 2010" "Version 1.0" "RFIDentify Client" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
client/rfid_reader_handler.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'client.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <errno.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <curl/curl.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSLEEP_BTWN_POLL\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIAmount of time in seconds between polls to RFID reader. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSLEEP_BTWN_SEARCH\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIAmount of time in seconds between polls to USB for RFID reader. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBreader_handle_tag\fP (const char *\fBtag\fP, struct \fBclient_config\fP *config)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBreader_poll_loop\fP (struct \fBreader\fP *\fBreader\fP, struct \fBclient_config\fP *config)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBreader_function\fP (void *args)"
.br
.RI "\fIRFID reading loop which polls for identifications. Look for \fBrfid_reader_handler.c\fP. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The RFID reader is discovered, initialized, and polled every few seconds. Upon reading a tag, a query is made to a server.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Willi Ballenthin 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
Spring, 2010 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBrfid_reader_handler.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void* reader_function (void * args)"
.PP
RFID reading loop which polls for identifications. Look for \fBrfid_reader_handler.c\fP. PThread. Initializes an RFID device, if it exists, and begins a tag reading loop. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBSLEEP_BTWN_SEARCH\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIargs\fP struct \fBclient_config\fP - The current configuration of the client. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Should not return, if so, error.  abstract RFID differences from this implementation 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 164 of file rfid_reader_handler.c.
.SS "int reader_handle_tag (const char * tag, struct \fBclient_config\fP * config)"This function is invoked as a callback upon the reading of a tag. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItag\fP A string containing the tag id. 
.br
\fIconfig\fP The current configuration of the client. 
.br
\fI0\fP on ok, negative integer otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 34 of file rfid_reader_handler.c.
.SS "int reader_poll_loop (struct \fBreader\fP * reader, struct \fBclient_config\fP * config)"Repeatedly queries the device for RFID tags. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBSLEEP_BTWN_POLL\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIreader\fP The RFID reading device. 
.br
\fIconfig\fP The current configuration of the client. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Well it shouldnt. If it does, there's an error. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 119 of file rfid_reader_handler.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RFIDentify Client from the source code.
