.TH "client/string_utils.c" 3 "13 May 2010" "Version 1.0" "RFIDentify Client" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
client/string_utils.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'string_utils.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBstring_join\fP (\fBlist\fP *strings, char *glue)"
.br
.RI "\fIGiven a list of strings, return a string glued together by GLUE. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlist\fP * \fBstring_split\fP (char *line, char *delim)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Willi Ballenthin 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
Spring, 2010 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBstring_utils.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* string_join (\fBlist\fP * strings, char * glue)"
.PP
Given a list of strings, return a string glued together by GLUE. Given a string an set of delimiting characters, return a list of string. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstrings\fP A list of strings to join. 
.br
\fIglue\fP A string to be used as glue. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A new string composed of the parts provided in the list glued together by the join string, or NULL on failure. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 18 of file string_utils.c.
.SS "\fBlist\fP* string_split (char * line, char * delim)"split a string into a list of new substrings delimited by some set of characters the resulting list should be deep freed. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIline\fP The string to split. 
.br
\fIdelim\fP A set of characters, each of which should cause a split. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
New list containing the fragments, or NULL on failure. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 66 of file string_utils.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RFIDentify Client from the source code.
